So in this video I want to show you guys how to mock your repository object using a much better method
than actually stamping out an actual concrete implementation.
So there's a concrete object that was stamped out from this class and this class may have dependencies
on other classes.
Network networks things like that and a lot of the times you need to have this be a marked object because
it's much too difficult to instantiate it just to test something that uses it.
So in order to get around that problem we want to use a library called M-O Q which is short for Mark
I guess it's like a cute way of saying it go to your Newgate package manager manage packages go to our
browse.
And here we're going to say ammo Q and M-O Q Here you can go to and download that.
You can say we want to add it to our unit test project because that's what we're going to be using it.
And then once this is installed you have to accept we can then go and start using it.
So this will add a reference to your project.
So what I can do in order to use this new library is I want to go out and create a mock repository some
Asay variable mock repository equals new M-O.
Whew.
And then inside of here I need to say what it is and I'm trying to mock someone to say I ban repository.
And I'm gonna instantiate this new object.
Now you're going to see from here that we have a reference missing so we need to say using M-O Q That's
going to resolve that problem.
And now that we have this mock repository object I can actually start setting up what it actually does
so I can say you know when I when you say get all bands I want you to return some sort of custom things
like a marker Depository that's set up and it should be.
And then we're going to do a lambda function and then we're going to say X stock bands.
And Dot returns and the Sharee capitals and then we're going to say new list.
A new list.
I don't know why it keeps doing that.
Don't do that.
All right.
So Nilus you press Escape to make it do that.
And then from here I'm going to say Benz
Right.
And
because remember this returns a list of bands so what you need to do is in order to use less you have
to import generics.
This was going to ask you to do the X-Type get bands and there should be a function and returns new
list of banned and this needs to be.
We need to reference our band and using our model as we go.
So now this new list of bands I can actually go ahead and instead of using them is the concrete repository
and you can pass in the mock repository.
And because this is using the mock repository
Oh and that's another thing to do since it's using the mock object as a mock repository dot object and
that's going to be the actual marked object that M-O Q made for you.
I don't know why that's like no semi-colon I mean.
OK.
All right.
There we go.
So this is returning this new list of bands
so much like the other way we just ran the tests right now.
You can see that this will actually pass and it's because the controller is not know now as far as this
list and this value that's getting returned.
The reason why this MQ is so important is because you can go ahead and inside of here I can start instantiating
new band objects and just started saying you know Title equals.
This is completely marked and your controller and everything is going to work exactly the same way because
of the the way that the way that we set it up using inversion of control.